The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
we love th pink pony .
THe perfect spot .
Ambiance relaxed and stylish .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The food was bland oily .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Service was prompt and courteous .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Salads were fantastic .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
The sushi is amazing ! ! !
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
Our food was great too !
And really large portions .
The food however , is what one might expect .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Very good wine choices .
Great staff .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
Service is average .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I would highly recommend this place !
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
Great neighborhood joint .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
The food is excellent !
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
Service is fast and friendly .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
What a great place !
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
Quick and friendly service .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
People are always friendly .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
The food was actually aweful .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Staff is very accomodating .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
even the wine by the glass was good .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
Love Al Di La
I recommend this place to everyone .
Great food .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
The food here was mediocre at best .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ... .
Tasty Dog !
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
Great sake !
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
Excellent food for great prices
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
my favorite place lol
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
I love this place
The service was quick and friendly .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
the food is always fresh ...
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
food was luke warm .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
Gross food – Wow-
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
Great Indian Food !
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
The staff is very good .
Love their drink menu .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
Nice view of river and NYC .
Great survice
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The omlette for brunch is great ...
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
A weakness is the chicken in the salads .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
The veal was incredible last night .
This place is a must visit !
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
Service was wonderful ;
Paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .
However , our main course was wonderful .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
Subtle food and service
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out ! ! ! !
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York !
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
Great place , great value .
The food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
Good creative rolls !
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
The appetizers are also delicious !
Amazing food .
Mazing interior .
Great food !
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
Patsy 's Pizza - true love
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
great hot dogs .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
great food
This place has great indian chinese food .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
Best Indian Chinese in the city , by far !
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
Everything on the menu is great .
This establishment is the real deal .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
The entree was also very good .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
Vanison was good but not amazing .
Bison was quite excellent however .
Dessert : pure disaster .
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
All in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
The place is beautiful !
The hostess was very pleasant .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
Service not the friendliest to our `` large party '' !
Great Indian food
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
Very `` normal Indian food '' , but done really well .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie ( that don ’ t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’ re no longer in the city .
If you ’ re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just can ’ t say enough good things about this brasserie .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
Great Shabu Shabu
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
The food tasted very good .
The family seafood entree was very good .
The main entree was also very good .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
Good Food
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
The atmosphere was great .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
Everything was going good until we got our meals .
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
it was really good pizza .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME ! ! ! !
Great Hot Dogs !
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged/ Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5'6 '' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're *really* talking about .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
The food and service were fine , however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
Best meal in a long time !
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
Great Atmosphere
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
Poor service and management
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
Can ’ t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
bad staff
I generally like this place .
The food is good .
The design of the space is good .
But the service is HORRID !
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
we love th pink pony .
the food is decent .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The food was bland oily .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
This place is great .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
I had a great time at Jekyll and Hyde !
The food was good too .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Great service , great food .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicious the food and the service was .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
All the staff is absolutely professional ! !
This restaurant was way overhyped .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The lox is always fresh too .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The wine the service was very good too .
Great staff .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
This place is always packed .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Food is excellent .
Fish is so very fresh .
Love YUKA .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I absolutely Loved this place .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
The place was nice and calm .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
Kind , attentive wait staff .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
Great sushi experience .
This place is not worth the prices .
Love Pizza 33 ...
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The food was exceptional .
it 's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion ... try the potato stuff kanish best one .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
Great food , great decor , great service .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Good drink .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
skip dessert .
Pizza was a little soggy .
This place is a great bargain .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
The food 's as good as ever .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Love Al Di La
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
The waitress was not attentive at all .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
Great Indian Food !
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
Love their drink menu .
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
Paul , the maitre d ' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
Everything on the menu is great .
Bison was quite excellent however .
All in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
The family seafood entree was very good .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
it 's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d ' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
even the wine by the glass was good .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The service is awful .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Delivery is fast too .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
Good food .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
All the food was hot tasty .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
The staff is no nonsense .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
But the coconut rice was good .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
Prices are in line .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
Service was quick .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
Reasonable prices .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
The food 's as good as ever .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! !
The food is amazing ! ! ! !
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
The drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Food was average but tasty .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
Over price , and small portions .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
The location is perfect .
The lunch special is an absolute steal .
The chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Great staff .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
They charge different prices all the time .
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
The food was good .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
The place was nice and calm .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth it superb food .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
It 's just O.K . pizza .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
I am happy i did the food was awesome .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Incredible food at a very agreeable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
Food was okay , nothing great .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
The food however , is what one might expect .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
The food was pretty traditional but it was hot and good with large portions .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Their sake martini is wonderful .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
What generous portions !
The wine the service was very good too .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
The sushi is also great !
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
Service was very friendly .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
And the bill was outrageous .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
The price very reasonable .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
The flavors robust and subtle .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
The service is fantastic .
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
Killer Sushi !
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
If it is n't for the food ( A+++ ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Just stick with the small dishes !
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
great eats , good times .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricey .
A wonderful place !
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
Two words : Free wine .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The fried rice is amazing here .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
The wine list is excellent .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
I liked the beer selection !
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretentious setting .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impeccable , and the food magnificant .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
Not impressed with the food .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Ambiance -- relaxed and stylish .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
I look forward to eating here again
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
The pizza here is delicious .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
Hats off to the chef .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
The food was bland oily .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
The food is great .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Okay service .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Good luck getting a table .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
The pizza is good though .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
Very good service and very good prices .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Our food was great too !
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
Staff is very accomodating .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
Quick and friendly service .
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
I had the best ravioli ever .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
The food is great , service is ok .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
The service was attentive .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
Fish was overdone .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
The dim sum however was very good .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
Prices are very good .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
The food was so-so .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
Food - awesome .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
A++ The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
black white shakes came out good also .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's ... ..
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ... .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
Try green curry with vegetables .
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
Much more reasonably priced too !
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
And really large portions .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
The food is great and authentic .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
The food was great .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
But , they were too big for the bun .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
The bagels are fabulous .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
Check out the secret back room .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucous dinner .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
very good breads as well .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
The prices were fantastic .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
The sushi was awful !
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
Service is top notch .
The food now is inconsistent .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try Sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
the food was undercooked -the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
The prices are wonderfully low .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
No free drink .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
Do n't waste money on decor .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
The fries are yummy .
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
This place is a great stop for great food .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Delivery service is great too .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
The place was quiet and delightful .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
The soup is pretty good too .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
The atmosphere is great ! ! !
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
The pickles were great addition .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked perfect
Priced at upper intermediate range .
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
Great food , great prices , great service .
Awesome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above average .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
Food is great .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
This place is incredibly tiny .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
The fried rice is really good too .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
The ceiling is amazing !
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
Pizza was a little soggy .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality -- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds ! !
People are always friendly .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
Service was prompt and courteous .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
Decent wine selection too .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and undistinguished .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
Great pizza for lunch place .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
The food was absolutely amazing ! !
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
The food was good too .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
The food was spicy and delicious .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
I would highly recommend requesting a table by the window .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
Not worth the prices .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq ...
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Every course was better than the next .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
Great sushi experience .
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12- $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! !
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
Good drink .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . ! !
Great service , great food .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! !
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awesome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
Good , fast service .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
The service was ok .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
Fish is so very fresh .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
less wait time for me !
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The food was authentic .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
The service is awful -- the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
Try the green curry ! ! !
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
The food there are sastifying .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Service is average .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
The buffet had a nice selection .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
service was efficient courteous .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
They are the best bagels I 've had .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
The staff is courteous and friendly .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
The specials are usually quite good too .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
Really cool stauff inside .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
Service was very good and warm .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The food was absolutely horrible !
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
Drinks way over priced .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
Moderate prices .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
What an amazing meal and experience !
Unique apppetizers .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
The Thai food is good .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
Acceptable prices .
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
Definitely not worth the price !
Orsay , is a very pleasant throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
Great food at reasonable prices .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
It is also extremely well priced .
Always great service !
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
Good food .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
Delicious crab cakes too .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Authentic Pakistani food .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
An excellent service
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
The pizza was really good .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
The wine list is also really nice .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
fine dining restaurant quality .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
The food was exceptional .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
Sure , the setting is nice .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty unobtrusive , nothing flashy .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
The service is decent even when this small place is packed .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excellent recomendations .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
The lox is always fresh too .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
The staff offers impeccable service .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The place is sleek , modern and playful and i will return again frequently .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
Salads were fantastic .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Fast service .
The staff is excellent , special : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
We a menu that rarely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
The food is delicious .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
Service is fast and friendly .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
The food was boring and expensive .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
The service is ok but could be better .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
Simple comfort food and what hot and large portions .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Decor leaves something to be desired .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Food is great and inexpensive .
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room ! ! !
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent -the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
The counter service is bad .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
They have some great entrees here as well .
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beautiful .
Food and service was okay .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Their coffee is quite good too !
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
Taxan delicious !
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
The waiter was attentive .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
The food was actually awful .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
And the food was fantastic .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
Overall , not worth the money .
This place is not worth the prices .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
The ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
The bagel was huge .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
Service -- friendly and attentive .
Great food , great decor , great service .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
There was no ambiance .
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Service was also very good .
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
love the food .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been subpar the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
but the service was a bit slow .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
Food is excellent .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
The service was great as well .
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
The sandwhiches are out of this world !
Decor is charming .
The food was very well prepared .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
Horrible food and horrible service .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delicious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
The food was great and the service was even better .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
Very good wine choices .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
The burger was great , also .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
The pizza was great .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
Great wine , great food .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch -- I dont mind .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
The bread is top notch as well .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
Food is always fresh and hot ready to eat !
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
Straight-forward , no surprises , very decent Japanese food .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
The sangria 's - watered down .
menu - uneventful , small .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quiet and exquisite choice .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
I think the meatball parm is good .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
Good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
Huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
While it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
One caveat : Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
I was pleasantly surprised at the taste .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
The Management was less than accomodating .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
The worst though was the taste .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
The food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
Food was decent , but not great .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
I can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
I highly recommend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
We been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper -- thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
The chicken dinner was real good .
but the food was delicious .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
The staff is very friendly .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we 've always been given the highest service and often free desserts .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
This place has the best pizza .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
Also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
good food good wine that 's it .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
It 's traditional , simple italian food .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
( The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .
The place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
But the meals were terrible .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
A con was the slow bar service .
Dessert was also to die for !
BTW , the service is very good .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
The service was outstanding .
We always enjoy the pizza .
The service is pretty good .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
The food is very good and the service is great .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
This place has the best Indian food in New York , hands down .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
This place has the best sushi in the city .
They have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
And the food is fantastic .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
All toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
You must try the garlic soup !
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
Service is usually pretty good .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ... ... .our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ... ...
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
They have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
The staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for Brooklyn .
the service is prompt friendly .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
My vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
The main draw of this place is the price .
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads -all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
Result ( red velvet ) : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
Their twist on pizza is healthy , but full of flavor .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A $ $ this is the place to be ! !
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
perfect for a quick meal .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
The service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
The space is traditional in feel .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
Dishes denoted as `` Roy 's Classics '' ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10+ , are delectable .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99/lb at the store .
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
the food - not worth the price .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
The prices are not terrible .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
The pastas were pretty good .
Atmosphere is a bore .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
The caeser salad was great .
The fried calamari was even better !
The food was good overall .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic ! !
I recomend the chicken milanese .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly -- not too sweet , but full of flavor .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
Try the homemade breads .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
good variety but nothing surprising .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
Although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food ( the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty ) and attentive service .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ... .Hanx
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
I was on jury duty , rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
The room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ? !
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
Avoid this place !
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
THe perfect spot .
Food awesome .
Service friendly and attentive .
Ambiance relaxed and stylish .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Food is great .
Service is top notch .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
The drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Service was prompt and courteous .
Two complaints -- their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
fine dining restaurant quality .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
The chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The staff is no nonsense .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The bagel was huge .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
fresh restaurant was amazing ... ... .. food was delicious and of course fresh .
Hats off to the chef .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
Great vibe , lots of people .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Salads were fantastic .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ... .both very tasty .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
It 's a small cute restaurant .
I absolutely love this place ! ! !
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
The sushi is amazing ! ! !
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
THe Pizza and wine were excellent -- the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Fish was overdone .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderful .
The staff offers impeccable service .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The wine list is excellent .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
This place is so much fun .
Our food was great too !
And really large portions .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
The place is a lot of fun .
The food however , is what one might expect .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Drinks way over priced .
Great pizza for lunch place .
Service was quick .
The pizza was great .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Delivery is fast too .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
Not impressed with the food .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Zero ambiance to boot .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Taxan delicious !
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
Try green curry with vegetables .
I had the best ravioli ever .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food quality and service overcompensate .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm ... .. everything is just delicious .
Check out the secret back room .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The food was authentic .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Very good wine choices .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
Always great service !
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Amma is nothing special .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The service was attentive .
Planet Thai is great !
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
LOVE THIS PLACE .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
I loved this place ! !
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Pizza here is consistently good .
You should pass on the calamari .
Decor is charming .
Service is average .
What a great place .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The wine list is also really nice .
I would highly recommend this place !
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
The food was good .
but the service was a bit slow .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Service was also very good .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
love the food .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
An excellent service
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
You can not go wrong with this place .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The fish was really , really fresh .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Great neighborhood joint .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
The counter service is bad .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Unique apppetizers .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The service is awful .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee ! !
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
the turkey burgers are scary !
The sushi was awful !
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
Good , fast service .
Food is great and inexpensive .
The location is perfect .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .